Editorial changes to the introduction (#34)
quicwg/datagram: draft-ietf-quic-datagram.md

types are not eligible for retransmission.

Some applications, particularly those that need to transmit real-time data,
prefer to transmit data unreliably. In the past, these applications have built

> directly upon UDP {{?RFC0768}} as a transport, and often add security with

Reviewer: nit: pick past or present ("have built" vs "add")
```suggestion
directly upon UDP {{?RFC0768}} as a transport, and have often added security with
```
